Version Number: 1.21.46
Release Date: 2014-10-16T09:17:54Z
Our latest update is here!

What_s BIG in this update?
_ New product: use the Honey Extractor machine to get handy Beeswax from the Honeycombs.
_ New Candle Maker machine: use the beeswax to create up to 3 different types of lovely aromatic candles (strawberry scent, lemon scent and raspberry scent).

What else is new?
_ The Fall theme has arrived to Hay Day.
_ We have replaced our current FAQ section with an entirely new and awesome database help system. 
_ New notification when your Honeycombs are ready to be collected.
_ Improvements to the newspaper: now it remembers your last visited page
_ Important bug fixes that among other things, should considerably improve loading times when visiting other players.

Version Number: 1.20.120
Release Date: 2014-09-15T07:45:25Z
Our latest BEETASTIC update is here!
_
Please welcome our brand new and super cute addition to the Hay Day world: Bees !!!

_ Place the bee hive on your farm and welcome up to 12 buzzy little bees.
_ Plant nectar bushes and watch these little rascals as they fly off to collect nectar.
_ Give them some time and before you know it you_ll be harvesting golden honey combs.
_ Build a brand new honey-extracting production machine to produce sweet, sweet honey.
_ Create a variety of delicious honey infused products with your existing production machines like honey popcorn, lobster skewers, pumpkin soup, honey toast and honey apple cake!
_
What else is new?
_ In your town, you can now build the new gift shop service building. Your visitors will simply love to shop in there!
_ Welcome a new visitor in your town: the graceful actress.
_ Unlock three new decorations in your town: two new relaxing_beach chairs and a lovely little sand castle.
_ With this update we are ending the summer theme.
_
Additional improvements:
_ Improved the balancing on the Town
_ Bug fixes

Version Number: 1.19.85
Release Date: 2014-07-01T07:07:33Z
Our latest EGGtastic update is here!

What_s BIG in this update?

_ New Cotton crop!
_ New Sewing Machine: now you can produce cotton shirts, woolly chaps and violet cotton dresses
_ Decoration filter: now you can find your favorite decorations even faster
_ Plus, you can now find mystery treasure chests with great rewards in your own town as well as your friends_ town areas

What else is new?

_ Be sure to welcome our newest cowboy character to your town area and serve him for great rewards
_ New town area decorations: Streetlight, Hydrant and a new leafy plant
_ New postman package: look closely for a new town specific package in your postman catalogue
_ New products in the Wheel of Fortune
_ New mining tool: find and use the pickaxe to get the best results from the mine
_ Summer theme! All of your animals are celebrating summer in charming, new outfits
_ Plus, time-limited and exclusive summer decorations: get the pool with a slide, the picnic mat and the brand new mushroom house before summer ends
_ Further improvements on the user interface and bug fixes

And one more thing_
_ We hear whispers that a new furry pet friend might be available soon

Version Number: 1.18.166
Release Date: 2014-05-20T12:37:10Z
ALL ABOARD! This train_s heading for the biggest update in Hay Day history!

Introducing the new Hay Day Town!

The mayor has been aMOOzingly impressed with your hard work on your farm, so he feels you are ready to rebuild the old Hay Day Town back to its old glory days! Your uncle and the mayor used to uphold the town until your uncle retired, so now it_s all up to you to make it run again!

---UNLOCK IT TO BUILD & GROW YOUR VERY OWN MOUNTAIN TOWN---

_ Repair the new train platform on your farm and travel to your new mountain town where new adventures and visitors await!
_ Get your town in shape by repairing the Station and the once majestic Town Hall.
_ Build your organic grocery store, cozy movie theater, vintage diner, relaxing spa, classic Bed & Breakfast, dreamy beach cafe and more.
_ Customize your town with your beloved farm decorations. You can even expand your town area if you run short on space. 

---WELCOME NEW VISITORS AND GET YOUR TOWN NOTICED---

_ Greet quirky new visitors to your town as they arrive by the EGGspress train. 
_ Guide them to the services they want and satisfy their cravings with products from your farm.
_ Earn reputation points to unlock even more buildings and rare items for your farm and town.
_ Upgrade your train station, town hall and service buildings to improve their looks_inside and out!

---EXPAND YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD, CONNECT WITH FRIENDS---

_ Repair your own personal train to expand the Hay Day Neighborhood feature!
_ Use your train to pick up the visitors your neighbors have served in their towns. 
_ Serve the visitors in your town as well, and you_ll unlock bonuses for both you and your neighbors!

---MORE UPDATES---

Beside the Hay Day Town, the new update also:
_ Increases the number of people you can have in your neighborhood

Version Number: 1.17.94
Release Date: 2014-03-10T12:05:19Z
Our latest aMOOzing update is here!

What_s BIG in this update?
_ More Land Expansions: As requested, you can now expand your farms even more!

What else is new?
_ Smoothie Mixer production machine lets you create healthy green, berry and yogurt smoothies.
_ The Andalusian pet donkey completes our beloved donkey family. Some say she might be the most curious of your farm animals, so forgive her if this occasionally tires her out :)
_ More decorations to customize your beloved farm even further, including rose fences in 6 different colors, 4 different new paths and a lovely new rose arch.
_ Plus, we have something VERY special (and fluffy) planned for Easter.

Updates & fixes requested by you, our community:
_ Now, when you visit someone you can learn more information about their neighborhood just by tapping on their Neighborhood House.  You can also request to join that player_s neighborhood right from there.
_ You_re now also able to send neighborhood invites to your friends even if they are currently in a different neighborhood.
_ We also fixed the message counter on the chat, it will now always show you the correct amount of new messages.

And one more thing_
_ Our next update to come could be the biggest in Hay Day_s history. Stay tuned :)

Version Number: 1.16.148
Release Date: 2014-02-12T13:39:13Z
Dear community, 

This is the big one and we hope it will be your most favorite Hay Day update ever. We_ll even go as far as calling it Hay Day 2.0. Keep reading for all the EGGciting details!

Main Feature: Neighborhoods & Chat!!!

_ Repair the new neighborhood building on your farm and gain access to either join or assemble your very own neighborhood (think of it as your own collective of chosen members).
_ Then, join the neighborhood chat and talk in real time with your members.
_ Neighborhood leaders can promote members to specific roles and customize their neighborhood with a unique emblem for everyone to see.
_ All global events show the top contributing neighborhoods as well. Try to get to the top by working together!
_ Updated the friends tab with a new section showing only your neighborhood members.

Additional features

_ Fishing area improvements: 2 new fishing spots and 4 new fish added. 2 additional new fish will become catchable during future special fishing events.
_ New pet donkey: our latest addition to the Hay Day family definitely comes with its own quirky personality. Some say that originally it wanted to be a bird. Add it to your farm to find out why :)
_ Lemon tree: now you can plant lemon trees and pick juicy lemons that can be used to create tasty specialties like lemon cake, lemon pie and lemon curd.
_ Stay tuned for Valentine_s Day on February 14th. A special event with a unique prize is scheduled.
_ Added Korean language support.

Community Requested Updates

_ The winter theme has now ended. The winter decorations will become again available for purchase next year :)
_ Advanced settings: new options to personalize your gameplay experience.
_ Greg_s road side shop now sells a wider assortment of useful products!

Version Number: 1.15.34
Release Date: 2013-12-04T13:27:07Z
Just in time before the holiday season, we are proud to present you with our latest EGGTASTIC update:

New features:

_ New pet: Please welcome the cutest new addition to the Hay Day family _ the donkey. It might not be the brightest and it will eat a lot of carrots, but once you see it running on your farm, you will hold it dear to your heart :)
_ New production building: Sandwich bar
Prepare delicious BLT Toasts, Veggie Bagels and Egg Sandwiches
_ Masteries for your fishing area: Keep using your lure and net maker to earn all 3 mastery stars per machine.
_ Lure box upgrade: From now on you can increase the storage capacity of your lure box by using the same upgrade materials as the silo.
_ 2 new achievements for lobster fishing

Even more holiday cheer:

_ New, beautiful decorations: Winter carousel and pig balloon
_ Colorful lights now decorate your house
_ Winter clothing for Angus the Fisherman

Community requested updates:

_ Newspaper improvements - help needed icon: If a player needs help on his or her farm, a new icon will show that.
_ Newspaper improvements - checkmark for visited farms: Farms you have already visited through the newspaper will now be clearly marked.
_ Boat orders: From now on each order will always consist of 3 different products preventing cases where a boat e.g. consisted of only one single product.
_ Notification changes: Added new fishing area notifications and grouped them (farming area VS fishing area)

Plus:

_ New special event animation: Whenever you come back to the game and a new event has started on the event board, a new animation of an info paper flying toward the screen will be triggered.
_ Settings menu changes (layout changes of mobile users, more space for tablet users).
_ Portuguese language option shows now both the Brazilian and Portuguese flag.
_ Fixed a bug where Tom has an offer but the player is unable to purchase it.

Version Number: 1.14.77
Release Date: 2013-11-11T11:35:29Z
Hello Community! It_s time for another big update with one major focus: Content, content and more content. We hope you will find it as AMOOZING as ever :)

-The holidays are here!-

_ Enjoy a lovely new winter theme for your farm and fishing area.
_ Your farm animals and visitors have decked themselves in beloved holiday costumes.
_ We_re celebrating the season with a winter-themed loading screen.
_ Plus, new imaginative winter decorations.

-Tons of new content to enjoy!-

New crops:
_ Lettuce
_ Rice

New tree:
_ Olive tree

New machines:
_ Sauce Maker creates delicious soy sauce, olive oil and mayonnaise.
_ Salad Bar creates yummy Greek, BLT and seafood salad.
_ Sushi Bar produces healthy egg sushi, sushi rolls and lobster sushi.

Additional new products:
_ Strawberry jam from the Jam Maker
_ Red scarves from the Loom

-Plus...-
_ Exciting, new events are coming up soon. Keep checking back regularly! 
_ The Event Board will now show the final contribution totals for community goals in past events. 
_ The Event Board will also show you exact number of items you receive per completed personal event level. 
_ Support for the Finnish language
_ Various smaller improvements and bug fixes

Version Number: 1.13.284
Release Date: 2013-10-16T09:51:19Z
Dear community, It_s time for another amOOZING update! Thank you for your ongoing support!

--New features: Halloween has arrived--

_ Your farm animals have dressed up in their favorite spooky outfits. Can you guess each of their costumes?

_ Take in a beautiful new autumn theme for your farm, including fog, jack-o-lanterns and flying bats :)

_ 6 new, limited-time decorations are now available in the shop. Be sure to get them before the Halloween theme ends!

_ Occasionally, a very special Halloween ghost will appear in the fishing area for every player at the same time. If you spot it, let other players know on our forums and Facebook page. Tap the ghost and it might drop a super unique decoration for your farm.

--New features: The mayor is introducing new events with awesome rewards--

_ From now on the Mayor himself will request your help with new limited-time events that you will find on the event board. These events have 5 different stages that each trigger eggtastic rewards when completed. Completing an event level will also help contribute toward a collective community goal. Achieve it together and everybody will be handsomely rewarded.

_ Also stay tuned for upcoming special fishing events that you will find on the event board as well. During these events look out for 4 new and very unique fish to complete your collection in your fishing book.

--Other features--

_ Updated UI for products in each production building: Open any production building and hold down your finger on any product. The tooltip that appears from now on will also show how many of that specific product you already have in your barn.

_ Notification settings: Based on your feedback, we added new options in the settings menu. You can now choose for yourself exactly which notifications you want to have active and turn off those you don_t want to see. 

--Plus--

_ UI improvements: we greatly reduced the area around the speed up buttons to help prevent accidental diamond spending.

_ Lobster tails and other lobster products are now more valuable, meaning you can ask for a lot more coins when you decide to sell them in the roadside shop.

_ The same applies for the following products: Shepherds Pie, Casserole, Potato Feta Cake, Cafe Mocha, Hot Chocolate, Lobster Soup, Tomato Soup, Fish Soup, Frutti di Mare pizza.

_ Based on community feedback, other players' roadside shops now show sold items in grey rather than the picture of the person who bought it.

_ Added our own unique Hay Day jingle to the startup screen.

_ Added Japanese language support

Version Number: 1.12.137
Release Date: 2013-09-12T09:10:27Z
As usual, we are very proud to present you our new EGGtastic update to Hay Day! Thanks to all of your enthusiastic feedback and AMOOzing ideas!

New features:

_ Lobsters are coming to Hay Day! Someone calm down Angus the fisherman, cause he can_t wait to catch some of these party-loving crustaceans. 
_ Travel to your fishing area and repair two (2) new buildings: The Net Maker and the Lobster Pool.
_ Catch a lobster with your newly produced lobster trap and see it relaxing in the heated Lobster Pool.  
_ Upgrade the Lobster Pool all the way to level 6 to create more space for lobsters in your pool. The more you upgrade the more crazy things you will see your lobsters do. Also your lobster pool will simply look fantastic and is a great addition to your fishing area!
_ Your lobsters will love your heated pool so much that they will always lose track of time. So help them out of their bloated shells and see them slide back into their habitat. Wonderful side effect: Delicious lobster meat!


More awesome features:

_ Fishing Net: Next to the lobster trap, your new Net Maker building also produces fishing nets. Just drop one into the water, give it some time and comfortably collect your fish. Get lucky and you might catch several at once. 
_ Speaking of luck, also check out the new Mystery Fishing Net: They cost diamonds to produce, but you never know what riches you might collect from the waters in return. Diamonds, vouchers, barn & silo upgrade materials, expansion items and so much more_ it's all there waiting for you. Can you claim the legendary pearl of the sea decoration?
_ Soup Kitchen Building: Create tasty Lobster, Fish and Tomato soups with your new production building on your farm.
_ New product: Delicious Frutti di Mare pizza (Bakery)


Player-requested additions:

_ Remove followers functionality: You asked for it, we heard you. Now you can remove followers from your friends list! Just tap and hold the individual icon and then click again when the delete command appears.
_ Newspaper improvements on the iPhone/iPod Touch:  Added a lot more newspaper pages to find the good stuff.
_ Visiting a neighbors_ fishing area: You can now visit the fishing area of another farm by tapping their repaired fishing boat. Check your friends_ progress with their fish collection today!
_ Skip the waiting: Tapping the caught fish notification now dismisses it and lets you get back to fishing faster.
_ Faster roadside shop price increase: Selling your items at the max-price has never been easier. 
_ Newspaper ads: We have reduced the cool down timer for placing free ads by half. Now sell, sell, sell!
_ Added sound effect to the Supercell splash logo.
_ Fixed other player-reported issues.


End of summer:
_ Reverted the summer clothing from the farm animals
_ Removed the exclusive summer decorations from the shop
_ Reverted the happy birthday loading screen back to normal

One last thing: Hay Day is ready for iOS7!

Version Number: 1.11.47
Release Date: 2013-07-10T09:40:56Z
Dear community: With this amoozing update, we celebrate Hay Day's First birthday! Yay! 

A huge thank you to all of our fans and players who have supported us over the past year. We couldn't have done it without you! We're very eggcited to keep working with you on future great updates, and hope you'll keep providing us with your MOOst eggscellent feedback and ideas! = ) This is only the beginning! There will be many more Hay Day birthdays to celebrate!

Specific birthday additions:

-To express our thanks, we'll send a diamond reward to every single player, personally delivered by Alfred the Postman to your farm house! 

-New, exciting birthday party loading screen


New features:

-The event board: There's a new event board next to your roadside shop. Look out for time-limited special events that give out awesome bonuses! To kick things off, the first event will grant you double coins for completing truck deliveries! More awesome events to come. What's next? Check back every day to find out! ; )

-Summer Theme: Your farm animals love the summer! How do you like their fun and exciting new looks? All your favorite farm animals in sun glasses, snorkels and Hawaiian shirts!

-Summer Decorations: Celebrate the summer months with two new unique decorations that will bring some summer warmth to your farm! Available for a limited time, so get them before it's too late!

-New Products: What would the use of fish be without Fish & Chips? And for dessert? Some tasty chocolate covered popcorn!

-Exclusive New Decorations: Four unique, golden statues with some of your farm animals, inspired by iconic movie themes! Definitely worth the price: the ultimate status symbol for your farm.


Also:
-Chinese language support
-Bug Fixes: Fixed the missing Barn & Silo meter, freezing while visiting Followers and a few other minor issues!

Version Number: 1.10.77
Release Date: 2013-06-13T10:36:27Z
Dear community, the Hay Day team is proud to present you with the biggest update we have ever created. In fact we could just as well call it an "upgrade":

LET'S GO FISHING!

_ New area: Travel outside of your farm for the first time ever! Take a boat down the river and enjoy a whole new part of the country! Meet Angus the fisherman, enjoy the beautiful nature, and take a little break from your tasks at the farm. Relax, catch some fish and simply have a wonderful time.

_ Collect them all: catch 30 different fish of all colors and shapes and collect them in your fishing scrapbook. Can you lure in the legendary Golden Trout?

_ Amazing diamond rewards: get diamonds for catching new fish. Each fish also comes in different sizes. Collect them all to get all the diamonds!

_ Expand your fishing area with the same expansion items that you find at your farm. Expansions let you fish more and help to complete your collection!

_ Fishing minigame: Hold down your finger to drop the line and attract fish. Once you lure in a fish, enjoy a thrilling chase! Move the lure to lead the fish into the catching spot. Be quick, or it will escape!

_ Fish products: create tasty fish burgers and delicious fish pies.

_ Complete new rewarding achievements based on fishing.

Additional:
_ Russian support added
_ Based on our great competition on the Hay Day forums: New postman thank you notes texts straight from our amoozing community
_ Improvements and bug fixes to the friend-lists
_ Fixes with lost progress & items

Remember to pay Greg a visit and say HAY on Hay Day's official Facebook fan page to participate in the latest events and get sneak peeks in future new updates:_http://facebook.com/HayDayOfficial_or follow us on Twitter:_http://twitter.com/HayDayGame

We love all the feedback and ideas you have sent us! Keep on sending them in so we can continue to make Hay Day even better!


Version Number: 1.9.66
Release Date: 2013-04-18T06:47:41Z
Thanks to the great support and feedback from our amazing community, we were able to find and squish one nasty crash-bug from the latest update (tapping in then newspaper caused in certain cases a crash). 

Thanks for your continuous support. The Hay Day team is already working hard on the next future update. Could it be something that has been on top of our community request list? Stay tuned :)

Version Number: 1.9.65
Release Date: 2013-04-15T07:55:55Z
The Hay Day team is proud to present the next EGGTASTIC update!

_ Who's whistling that happy tune? Alfred the postman is now visiting all farms level 15 and above. He'll deliver thank you letters to farmers who helped on other farms. It's more than just being cordial: some thank you letters might even contain valuable gift cards! Exchange gift cards for mystery packages through the new order catalog and Alfred will deliver them to your doorstep. Inside you can find exclusive decorations, diamonds, barn & silo upgrades and much more! And remember to check your catalog often: you never know what special time limited packages you might find there.

_ Thanks to your great feedback we've been able to improve boat orders! Orders that require Sugar Mill products are now easier to fulfill.

_ Updated Friends Bar: New Last Helpers tab to keep track of players that just recently helped you on your farm, including the possibility to visit them.

_ Remember to check on Tom the delivery boy regularly! He might be holding a balloon that represents a very special deal just for you. But act fast! The string could slip through his fingers at any moment, and you'll miss out on the deal. Unless, of course, you're good at catching moving targets... try it out if you want a challenge!

_ New language support: Indonesian

_ Bug fixes and overall improvements

Remember to pay Greg a visit and say HAY on Hay Day's official Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/HayDayOfficial or follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/HayDayGame

We love all the feedback and ideas you have sent us! Keep on sending them in so we can continue to make Hay Day even better!

Version Number: 1.8.11
Release Date: 2013-03-06T08:19:40Z
Thank you all for the great feedback that you sent about the previous update, and specifically the new boat leaderboards. The following updates were made based on suggestions from our AMOOZING community:

_ Reduced the amount of diamonds needed to speed up the boat
_ Boat order help requests revised to allow up to 3 per boat_
_ New notification feature:_When a friend passes you on the boat order leaderboard, the user image of that friend is displayed on top of the leaderboard object

Bugfixes:
_ Rank progression fix: 999 is now the max rank change that will be displayed (although you can of course still climb higher than 999 places)
_ Friends list rank change fixes: This will now be based on your friends boat leader board and not the global one_

Remember to pay Greg a visit and say HAY on Hay Day's official Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/HayDayOfficial or follow us on Twitter:_https://twitter.com/HayDayGame

We love all the feedback and ideas you have sent us! Keep on sending them in so we can continue to make Hay Day even better!


Version Number: 1.7.42
Release Date: 2013-02-21T10:55:18Z
Your favorite game Hay Day just got even more exciting! Introducing some AMOOZING new features like leaderboards and new achievements!

_ Measure yourself against your friends in the new boat-order leaderboards. Collect separate points by either completing your own boat or by helping others.
_ New achievements based on the new boat leaderboards. Complete them to earn great diamond rewards
_ Re-introducing help notifications: from now on you will be able to see which of your friends needs help on their farm. Simply check your friends bar! 
_ New notification when you earn a mastery-star for one of your buildings / machines

While you update Hay Day to the latest version, pay a visit and say HAY to Greg on Hay Day's Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/HayDayOfficial

We love all the feedback and ideas you have sent us! Keep on sending them in so we make Hay Day even better!

Version Number: 1.6.43
Release Date: 2013-01-31T12:27:57Z
_ New crop: healthy and nutritious Potatoes!
_ New delicious Potato dishes: Baked Potato, Casserole, Potato Feta Cake, Shepherd's Pie and Potato Bread
_ New pet: The beautiful Andalusian horse has a lush mane and a shiny black coat
_ Feed Mill mastery: with enough practice, you will get faster at making nourishing feed for your animals
_ New supported languages: Danish and Swedish

Version Number: 1.5.53
Release Date: 2013-01-08T11:32:14Z
_ Master your machines to produce faster and more valuable goods!
_ More achievements for you to prove your skills!
_ Buying decorations now helps you progress faster in the game.
_ Sweet! A new Candy Machine for you to make delicious treats!
_ It'll be easier to keep track of Tom and your boat orders with new notifications.

Version Number: 1.4.43
Release Date: 2012-12-05T09:18:30Z
_ Can you hear the trotting?! Horses are finally here!
_ Exclusive decorations now available in the Wheel of Fortune!

Version Number: 1.3.50
Release Date: 2012-11-15T08:52:39Z
_ MAJOR UPDATE: TOP new features asked by YOU, the players!
_ Season's Greetings: celebrate the holidays on a joyful farm!
_ Running a little tight on space? You can now claim new land to expand your farm!
_ Deck the halls with brand new seasonal decorations, and enjoy the beautiful snow!
_ See your farm animals get VERY warm and cozy in their winter garb!
_ Warm up with a lovely cup of Hot Chocolate from the brand new Coffee Kiosk!
_ New plant: Coffee Bush! Grow coffee beans and use them to prepare delicious coffee drinks.
_ Need a hand in completing your Boat Orders? Ask other players for help!
_ You can now put your farm decorations into storage. Just select a decoration and pack it!
_ New products: Red Berry Cake, Raspberry Muffin and Blackberry Muffin.

Version Number: 1.2.124
Release Date: 2012-10-15T11:33:10Z
_ CUTE OVERLOAD! Major update with pets that will liven up your farm!
_ Collect vouchers: a new kind of collectible you can use to buy pets.
_ Some buildings take less space, making it easier to re-arrange your farm! 
_ Upgraded barns and silos will look more robust.

Version Number: 1.1.0
Release Date: 2012-09-20T07:41:59Z
Crash bug fixed.

Version Number: 1.0.71
Release Date: 2012-09-19T03:54:34Z
_ Experience Hay Day in Widescreen with iPhone 5 and iPod touch (5th gen) resolution support!
_ iOS6 support with new Game Center Challenges one tap away from your achievements screen
_ Like other players' farms on Facebook and spread some neighborly love!
_ Check out your record farming days in the new statistics screen and compare them with other players
_ New Cacao tree: because everybody loves chocolate and your customers are no exception!
_ Your farm is about to get luxurious with a new Garden Swing and other lively decorations
_ Need a hand completing orders? Hire Little Tom to find items for you!

Version Number: 0.8.35
Release Date: 2012-09-13T08:22:41Z
_ New crop: grow Strawberries and turn them into delicious treats
_ New production building: the Jeweler will craft lovely jewelry from your precious metals
_ New Achievements with diamond rewards for mighty miners, steadfast stevedores and orchard organizers
_ Rest those tired legs - give your visitors a Bench or two to sit on
_ Decorate your farm in the classic European style with Hedgerows
_ Dig deeper and build a beautiful Well!

Version Number: 0.7.35
Release Date: 2012-08-30T08:11:41Z
_ New animal! Goat - a gentle soul
_ Produce new tasty treats using Goat Milk: Goat Cheese and Feta Pie
_ An amazing new gadget: the Ice Cream Maker
_ Make delicious Vanilla Ice Cream and Cherry Popsicles
_ Asking for help with Fruit Trees and Berry Bushes is much quicker and easier
_ Our Smelter lease with ACME Corp. ended, but everyone chipped in and we built our own brick Smelters!

