What's New in Version 2.3.3 Posted Jun 5.2014 Bug fixes  Version 2.3.2 Posted Jan 22, 2014 Bug fixes  Version 2.3.1 Posted Dec 13, 2013 i057 performance improvements  Version 2.3 Posted Jul 24. 2013  — Food Light: take better photos of the meals you want to remember using Evernote Food's new food light, optimized for low-light conditions. This new feature eliminates the need to settle for the grainy or washed out images created with a standard flash. Toggle the feature on/off from the camera screen in My Meals.  - Image Filters: a new collection of image filters created by the Evernote Food team to subtly enhance your photos and make your meals even more shareable. Tap your image thumbnails from the camera screen to apply filters in real-time, or apply filters to existing meals after the fact.  - Rotate Images: You can now rotate images to appear as you want them to in a My Meals note by choosing this option, located next to the image filters.  Version 2.2.4 Posted Jun 27, 2013  - Beautifully updated meal and restaurant note design in Evernote  - Featured seasonal recipes from your favorite blogs and sites  - Better recipe search  - Saved place icons in Places list lets you see other nearby restaurants on your wish list when creating a Meal - Bug fixes & performance improvements  Version 2.2.3 Posted May 31. 2013 - Bug fixes and performance improvements  Version 2.2.2 Posted May 22. 2013  Recipes  - Can't find the recipe you want within the app? Search the web from Evernote Food, then clip recipes you find to My Cookbook - View recipes you've stored in Evernote as Word documents  - Browse, clip and share recipes from new Russian recipe partner, Ovkuse  Restaurants - Get directions to restaurants from the venue details screen  My Meals - Use pinch-to-zoom when viewing photos in meal notes you've created  General - Bug fixes & performance improvements
Version 2.2.1 Posted May 9, 2013 Your hands-free cooking companion - New auto-lock feature keeps your device from going to sleep while you're cooking  More Recipes - Better PDF support for notes and recipes imported from Evernote - Korean and Taiwanese recipe partners, Rimi & iCook  Find the perfect restaurant  - Foursquare venue ratings in list view  - Improved restaurant search by cuisine or other keywords - Improved accuracy of nearby places and search results  General - Upgrade to Evernote Premium within the app - Bug fixes and overall performance improvements  Don't forget to reset your password, if you haven't already done so. It only takes a minute. Visit www.evernote.com to learn how to reset your password.  Version 2.2 Posted May 9, 2013 Your hands-free cooking companion - New auto-lock feature keeps your device from going to sleep while you're cooking  More Recipes - Better PDF support for notes and recipes imported from Evernote - Korean and Taiwanese recipe partners, Rimi 51 iCook  Find the perfect restaurant  - Foursquare venue ratings in list view  - Improved restaurant search by cuisine or other keywords - Improved accuracy of nearby places and search results  General - Upgrade to Evernote Premium within the app, for access to Premium features across all of our Evernote apps - Bug fixes and overall performance improvements  Don't forget to reset your password, if you haven't already done so. It only takes a minute. Visit www.evernote.com to learn how to reset your password.  Version 2.1 Posted Mar 19, 2013  Recipes  - Add your recipes from Evernote to Evernote Food's My Cookbook section using a specified notebook or tag - Browse and search for recipes in Japanese and Chinese from new local partners
Shanng - Share recipes via Faceboolc Twitter and email  Restaurants - OpenTable integration lets you make restaurant reservations from the app - See venue ratings from Foursquare  Images - Upload images from other albums - Meal images load more quickly  Search - Improved search results for recipes and meals  General - Various other bug fixes and performance improvements  All current Evernote users must reset their passwords. It only takes a minute. After installing this update, launch the app and follow the on-screen instructions. Please do not create a new Evernote account. If you have any trouble, contact Evernote Support: http://evernote.com/support  Version 2.0.2 Posted Mar3. 2013 This update addresses a security issue that requires you to reset your password. Details on blog.evernote.com  Version 2.0.1 Posted Dec 21. 2012 2.0.1 - Bug fixes  2.0 Evernote Food is all-new and now available on iPad!  Completely redesigned with new sections to help inspire and preserve your food experiences:  Explore Recipes: - Explore thousands of recipes from your favorite food blogs and sites - Clip and save recipes you'd like to try into "My Cookbook"  My Cookbook: - Browse recipes you've clipped in Evernote Food and collected in your Evernote account - Use My Cookbookto prepare recipes using your iPad or iPad mini  Restaurants: - Discover new restaurants and save the ones you can't wait to try - See all of your past meal locations displayed on a map  My Meals: - Add cuisines to your meals or get them automatically when picking a suggested place - Share meals easily using Facebook, Twitter, or e-mail, or copy the meal link and paste it anywhere
Version 2.0.1 Posted Dec 21. 2012 2.0.1 - Bug fixes  2.0 Evernote Food is all-new and now available on iPad!  Completely redesigned with new sections to help inspire and preserve your food experiences:  Explore Recipes: - Explore thousands of recipes from your favorite food blogs and sites - Clip and save recipes you'd like to try into "My Cookbook"  My Cookbook: - Browse recipes you've clipped in Evernote Food and collected in your Evernote account - Use My Cookbook to prepare recipes using your iPad or iPad mini  Restaurants: - Discover new restaurants and save the ones you can't wait to try - See all of your past meal locations displayed on a map  My Meals: - Add cuisines to your meals or get them automatically when picking a suggested place - Share meals easily using Facebook Twitter, or e-mail, or copy the meal link and paste it anywhere  Improved Sync options: - "Sync Now" button lets you sync anytime - "Sync on Wi-Fi only" to conserve wireless data usage by syncing only when you have a Wi-Fi internet connection  Version 2.0 Posted Dec 19, 2012 Evernote Food is all-new and now available on iPad!  Completely redesigned with new sections to help inspire and preserve your food experiences:  Explore Recipes: - Explore thousands of recipes from your favorite food blogs and sites - Clip and save recipes you'd like to try into "My Cookbook"  My Cookbook: - Browse recipes you've clipped in Evernote Food and collected in your Evernote account - Use My Cookbook to prepare recipes using your iPad or iPad mini  Restaurants: - Discover new restaurants and save the ones you can't wait to try - See all of your past meal locations displayed on a map
My Meals: - Add cuisines to your meals or get them automatically when picking a suggested place - Share meals easily using Faceboolc Twitter, or e-mail, or copy the meal link and paste it anywhere  Improved Sync options: - "Sync Now" button lets you sync anytime - "Sync on Wi-Fi only" to conserve wireless data usage by syncing only when you have a Wi-Fi internet connection  Version 1.2.5 Posted Nov 27. 2012 - Various bug fixes  Version 1.2.4 Posted Sep 20, 2012 - Optimized for iPhone 5 and iOS 6.0  Version 1.2.3 Posted Aug 15,2012  - Meals shared to Facebook now appear in the timeline with a large photo - Shortened URLs when sharing to Twitter  - Significant Related Notes improvements  - Performance improvements  - Two languages added: Danish & Swedish  Version 1.2.2 Posted Jul 20. 2012 - Crash fixes  Version 1.2.1 Posted Jul 2, 2012 1.2.1:  Redesigned login and registration flow Various bug fixes and performance enhancements  1.2.0:  All new custom multi-shot camera - Take many photos of your meal without leaving camera mode  New camera roll uploader - Tap multiple images to upload them to a single meal - Tap and hold an image to edit it prior to adding itto the meal  Foursquare! - New Foursquare integration offers more accurate venue suggestions - Foursquare icons illustrate cuisine or venue type  Longer captions and notes - Increased character limit for image captions - Increased character limit for meal notes
Improved emails - Meals emailed from Evernote Food now include a beautiful preview in the email body  Large meal support - Better handling of meals with many photos, long captions or meal notes  Performance improvements - Better image processing  - More reliable sharing  - Various bug fixes  Version 1.2 Posted Jun 14, 2012 All new custom multi-shot camera - Take many photos of your meal without leaving camera mode  New camera roll uploader - Tap multiple images to upload them to a single meal - Tap and hold an image to edit it prior to adding it to the meal  Foursquare! - New Foursquare integration offers more accurate venue suggestions - Foursquare icons illustrate cuisine or venue type  Longer captions and notes - Increased character limit for image captions - Increased character limit for meal notes  Improved emails - Meals emailed from Evernote Food now include a beautiful preview in the email body  Large meal support - Better handling of meals with many photos, long captions or meal notes  Performance improvements - Better image processing  - More reliable sharing  - Various bug fixes  Version 1.1.2 Posted Apr30, 2012 - Fixed upsync bug  Version 1.1.1 Posted Apr24,2012  Apologies for the sync bug in v1.1.1 -- a fix is on its way. In the meantime, we have a workaround to get your new meals to sync. Within a meal, tap the "Share" button and either share the meal (via email, facebook, or twitter) orjust hit "Cancel". You will notice your meals finally sync.
New features & bug fixes:  - New Activity Log in settings to send logs to Customer Support if you need assistance - Faster meal downloads and updates during sync  - Two new locales: Vietnamese & Dutch  - Various bug fixes and performance improvements  Version 1.1 Posted Apr 5. 2012  — Update the date and time of any meal from the new Meal Date screen; great for making meals from images on your camera roll - New Place Search allows you to easily find a restaurant or geographic location  — ‘My Places‘ feature allows you to create and store custom places, such as "Home" or "Grandma's House"  - New map feature lets you view and edit any place location  - Meal Search lets you quickly find any meal  - Sync status badge on new and edited meals shows whether a meal has synced to Evernote  - Improved sync between Evernote Food and Evernote  - If you use Evernote on iOS, then you can sign into Evernote Food with one click  - New thumbnail image transitions in meal list display more of your meal memories  - Localized to support: Spanish, German, Finnish, French, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Thai, Chinese (simplified), Chinese (traditional), Indonesian, Turkish, Malay  - Improved Facebook sharing  — Photo resolution optimized for new iPad Retina Display  - Numerous bug fixes and performance improvements  Version 1.0.2 Posted Feb 6. 2012  Minor updates and bug fixes:  - More ways to delete images and meals.  - Updated splash pages.  - Fixed a bug in the image gallery; now page dots always correspond with the proper images.  Version 1.0.1 Posted Dec 13, 2011 U1 and performance improvements  Version 1.0 Posted Dec 6. 2011