December 20th, 2013. Version v2014.1
ChoiceMail v2014.1
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail Desktop v2014.1

Bug fixes
Fixed various minor bugs
Updates
Windows compatibility improvements


December 3rd, 2012. Version v2013.1
ChoiceMail v2013.1
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail Desktop v2013.1

Bug fixes
Fixed various minor bugs
Updates
Windows 8 compatibility


October 11th, 2011. Version v2012.1
ChoiceMail v2012.1
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail Desktop v2012.1

Bug fixes
Fixed compatibility issues with latest service packs.
Fixed compatibility issues with Firefox 7
Fixed minor documentation issues
Updates
Improved the ChoiceMail challenge message sending


October 21st, 2009. Version v2010.1
ChoiceMail v2010.1
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail Desktop v2010.1

Bug fixes
Fixed minor issue with date handling.
Fixed minor documentation issues
Updates
Improved the ChoiceMail startup procedures.
Tested and modified to be compatible with Windows 7 32bit and 64bit


July 2nd, 2009. Version 5.300
July 2nd, 2009
ChoiceMail v5.300
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail Desktop v5.300
Bug fixes
Fixed issue where dates in registration information could be wrong.
Fixed minor documentation issues
Updates
Improved the ChoiceMail internal message generation system.
New Features
Added option to automatically remove delivery and read receipts from messages before they get into your email application


May 8th, 2009. Version 5.200
May 8th, 2009
ChoiceMail v5.200
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail Desktop v5.200
Bug fixes
Fixed issue where forwarding email addresses could be invalid or the lines were automatically added to them.
Fixed issue where option to email unknown senders list could not be switched off

Updates
Fixed problem with forwarding where senders were not identified properly. We now use the "Sender:" Header to identiy the sender



January 23rd, 2009. Version 5.104
January 23rd, 2009
ChoiceMail v5.104
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail Desktop v5.104

Bug fixes
Smart Message Forwarding Address Cannot be removed - In ChoiceMail v5.x we introduced a feature where you can forward your good mail to a list of addresses. It seems that under some circumstances you could not later remove those addresses completely from the list. This has been fixed in version 5.104

Release notes file shipped with previous version (5.103) which is accessible directly from ChoiceMail was not updated properly. Now the file is correctly updated.


January 15th, 2009. Version 5.103
January 15th, 2009
ChoiceMail v5.103
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail One v5.103

New Features
Smart Message Forwarding  - ChoiceMail v5.x can now easily forward your ChoiceMail cleaned mail to your online account. This means that you can now safely get your spam-free mail on your BlackBerry, iPhone or other small device or anywhere where you have a web browser access. The message forwarding that we built into ChoiceMail works differently than message forwarding in your email application. When ChoiceMail forwards a message - you will see the original sender as the sender of the message and if you reply - the reply will go to the correct address of the original sender. Regular message forwarding breaks these rules and forwards messages from you so replying from your phone is actually replying to yourself which is most likely not what you want. Our users requested this feature - we listened!
Click here to read how to set this up in three easy steps! 


Whitelist Exporting built in. ChoiceMail v5.x now has the ability to export your whitelist form the ChoiceMail Admin Control Panel. Just click on User Management, select your username and click the export button. You can backup this file or use it when you move ChoiceMail to a new system. To import your whitelist back - simply select Actions->Import in your ChoiceMail and select the file you exported to.


Built in web server . ChoiceMail v5.x contains its own small, but safe web server. This means that you can now access your ChoiceMail using a web browser from anywhere in the house. Anything you could do with your ChoiceMail application can now be done using a web browser. You can also access your ChoiceMail from outside your house provided you have a way to access your computer and set up your firewall/router properly.


New skin support. ChoiceMail now support several different skins (including the previous version one). This way you can change the look of your ChoiceMail application with a click of a button. Just look under the "Display" menu.



February 7th, 2008. Version 4.501
February 7th, 2008
ChoiceMail One 4.501
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail One v4.501

Updates
Registration system overhaul - The internal sender registration and verification system has undergone a major change to allow for more scalability and complience with new technologies like SPF (Sender Policy Framework).
Updated the pre-approval library - the internal pre-approval library responsible for listening for outbound messages has been updated to include some performance improvements and bug fixes.


Database optimizations - Internal ChoiceMail database has been improved to offer better performance with large sender lists.
Internal timeouts increased - The internal timeouts between the ChoiceMail front end and the back end has been slightly increased to account for slower systems with large amounts of data.

Bug Fixes
Fixed typo on the notification window - There was a typo in the popup notification window when it was displaying the error about server sonnection.
Fixed summary popup option - Fixed the problem where users were not able to permanently switch off the summary panel on the main window.



August 16th, 2007. Version 4.203
August 16th, 2007
ChoiceMail One 4.203
Release Notes - these notes describe changes that apply to ChoiceMail One v4.203

New Features

Full Windows Vista compatibility - ChoiceMail One v4.2 is now fully Vista compatible. Main components run as a service in the background and allow several users to use ChoiceMail (if license allows it).


Search/Filter functionality extended - Many users asked for the ability to sort unknown senders by recipient or search through by words present in the subject body. ChoiceMail v4.2 includes support for both.


Leave mail on server - It is now possible to leave mail on your ISP server for certain amount of time. This feature should only be used with ONE ChoiceMail installation or you may end up sending duplicate challenge messages as well as creating inconsistencies in your mailbox.


Support for Windows Mail - ChoiceMail One v4.2 can now recognize Windows Mail accounts and automatically configure them to be used with ChoiceMail.


Runs in background - ChoiceMail One v4.2 is comprised of two components now. The main processing component (CMServer.exe) will run in the background even if the ChoiceMail window is closed or users are logged off. This ensures timely identity verification processing for all users as well as lower memory usage.


Multi User Support - If license allows it - ChoiceMail can now support multiple users on a single computer. Users will have separate settings and be able to define their email addresses separately.


Updates

Better SMTP handling - It is not mandatory to change your outgoing (SMTP) server settings in your email application for Choice Mail's pre-approval feature to work. The new setup wizard will keep your original settings. This solves the problem where messages from different accounts must be sent using different outgoing servers or settings.


New look and feel - New user interface. Hopefully we managed to give ChoiceMail pleasing look as well as more functional interface.


Help system - New, searchable help system is much easier to use and find relevant information.


General operation - ChoiceMail's general operation has been improved and optimized.


WebMail Gateway - For users of ChoiceMail 3.x - please note that webmail gateway that was included in some previous versions of ChoiceMail is no longer supporter or distributed by DigiPortal Software. Alternative options are availabe though. Some are described in a knowledge base article please click here to read the article.


Bug Fixes

Email processing - Fixed a problem where combination of certain messages and permission rules could result in incorrect rules and mailbox processing.


Updater on Vista issue - Fixed a problem where our updater component continually triggered Windows Vista security verifications.


Registration popup disappears - Fixed a problem where in some cases registration popup window would disappear immediately after the popup.


Reject Sender with Explanation feature - This feature was not working in some instances. Fixed in this release.


Coach.exe taking 100% CPU - this was a rare problem on some systems. Coach.exe is not used in this version of ChoiceMail which fixes the issue


March 4th, 2005. Version 3.x
March 4th, 2005
ChoiceMail 3.x
Release Notes - these notes describe features that apply to all versions of ChoiceMail except where indicated


New features
Built-in lightweight email client (ChoiceMail One / ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 It is now possible to send emails directly from within ChoiceMail One or the ChoiceMail Small Business Client. You can create, reply to or forward messages. You can use any of your POP3, alias or virtual email addresses as the FROM address. It's extremely convenient for those quick and dirty emails you need to send out without the bother of starting up your heavyweight email program.
Virtual email addresses (ChoiceMail One only) 〞 ChoiceMail One now supports the ability to manage more than 5 virtual email addresses. (You can now purchase additional virtual email addresses in blocks of 50 to use with ChoiceMail One)
Web browser (ChoiceMail Enterprise / ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 Completely new web browser interface 每 easier and more efficient navigation.
Web Browser interface (ChoiceMail Small Business/ChoiceMail Enterprise)〞 Ability to download attachments directly from the web browser
Vanity pages (Optional in all versions) 〞 Personalized vanity pages can now be associated with individual email addresses belonging to a user account rather than just one vanity page for the entire user account.
Built-in customer affiliate system〞 A great new way for individual customers to spread the word about ChoiceMail and make some money too.
Logging (CME)〞 Logging is now available in ChoiceMail Enterprise.


Updates

Optimizations〞 Major overhaul of how email messages are handled 每 only half as many files will be stored on disk as compared to earlier versions. Retrieval performance is much improved for ChoiceMail One and dramatic improvements occur for ChoiceMail Enterprise when using a database other than the built-in JET system
Detect registry blockers〞 The setup wizard can now detect that its attempts to reconfigure email programs failed because the user is running a spyware blocker that is also preventing needed changes to the registry.
Web Browser interface (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business)〞 Display version of ChoiceMail in browser
Virtual addresses〞 Virtual addresses are now displayed in sorted order in the online virtual address dialog manager.
Virtual addresses〞 Virtual addresses are now displayed in sorted order in the system tray icon menu. You can also invoke the virtual address dialog manager directly from the system tray.
Interacting with other spam blockers (ChoiceMail Enterprise)〞 Handle a situation where badly implemented (or misconfigured) spam blockers block ChoiceMail Enterprise from sending emails because ChoiceMail Enterprise (correctly) fails the (incorrectly implemented) attempts of the other spam blocker to validate the legitimacy of the sending domain (sigh).
Server disconnection〞 Some POP3 servers disconnect automatically if there＊s a long delay without any activity. Added the ability to send periodic signals to the server to let it know that we＊re still alive!
Activity logs and feedback〞 When copying the activity logs to the clipboard for submission to our online ticket system, basic ChoiceMail configuration is also included to make it easier to diagnose the problem.
Permission rules〞 Added (empty) function to test if subject or body is empty
Process control (ChoiceMail Enterprise)〞 More ability to prevent ChoiceMail Enterprise from being inappropriately overloaded.
Filtering disabled〞 The Accepted-Reason header now indicates WHY filtering is disabled, not just that it IS disabled.
Setup wizard〞 Improved ability to recognize configuration changes due to changes by ISP 每 a number of other misc. improvements as well.
Sender Info dialog〞 Eliminated buttons in favor of a menu
Virtual Email Address dialog〞 Eliminated buttons in favor of a menu
Tray icon (ChoiceMail One/ChoiceMail Small Business Client) 〞 Tray icon now tells you how many virtual email addresses you have
Help system〞 Context sensitive help is easier to access
Large system fonts 〞 Dialogs and controls now position themselves better when large system fonts are used.
General operation〞 Added checks to prevent users from mistakenly trying to run ChoiceMail directly on their desktop
Permission rules〞 Added a default rule to detect Yahoo mailing lists and not respond as those lists don＊t follow mailing list standards that ChoiceMail detects automatically.


Fixes

AV on exit求 Fix to prevent a bizarre problem with thread AV on exit
Web Browser interface (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business)求 Fixed a bug where certain characters entered into the filter text field could screw up an SQL query
Setup wizard (ChoiceMail One/ChoiceMail Free)〞 Now use explicit IP address rather than localhost. This prevents problems that can occur if user installs IPv6 support on their system.
Installer (ChoiceMail One/ChoiceMail Free)〞 Fixed a problem where uninstalling could fail if ChoiceMail was installed multiple times.
Web Browser interface (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business)求 Fixed a bug where the filter field could not always be cleared.
Web Browser interface (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business)求 Fixed a bug where the FROM address wasn＊t always displayed when sending out a new email
Failed downloading error〞 Fixed a problem where a notification in a rule could cause an access violation if the message in question did not have a FROM address
Challenges〞 Addressed an issue on NT 4 where challenges might not go out
Challenges (ChoiceMail Small Business)〞 Fixed a problem where a sender could get multiple challenges
Administration interface (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) Fixed problem where the wrong layout was used for the admin pages in web browser interface
Permission rules求 Fixed a problem where the manual blacklist action was deleting the sender rather than just the message
Caching (ChoiceMail Small Business)〞 Fixed problem where some settings were not being cached properly in the ChoiceMail Client
Email configuration (ChoiceMail Small Business)〞 Fixed problem where an email address was sometimes not remembered when changed
ISP changes〞 Fixed problem where we might not recognize an already configured email addresses properly in the case where the ISP changes servers.
Junkbox〞 Fixed problem where messages from the junk box could not be deleted one at a time.
Permission rules〞 When using manual checking of whitelist/blacklist, blacklist action was performing a delete sender rather than delete message.
Memory leaks〞 Found and squashed a few exotic leaks!
Domain Address Editor〞 Fixed a problem where it looked like IP address ranges were disappearing when a new one was added. Also fixed a problem where an invalid range in a region caused the total list to increase each time regions were merged.



November 19th, 2004. Version 2.66
November 19th, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.66
Release Notes - these notes describe features that apply to all versions of ChoiceMail except where indicated


Updates
Tips- Added more tips.
Logs- Stop logging "non-error" messages which were confusing people.
Relaying 〞(ChoiceMail Enterprise) - Allow connections from explicitly defined IP address ranges to send through mail server
IP Connection Blocking〞 (ChoiceMail Enterprise) - Block connections from explicitly defined IP address ranges
Web interface〞 (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business only) - Complete cosmetic overhaul of web-based user interface
Domain region checking〞 Improved process for detecting servers contained in message bodies.
AOL〞 Update to fix access to AOL mail.
Automatic login〞 (ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 You can store your password in a file called cmpassword.txt in the same folder as the ChoiceMail client. If that file exists, the ChoiceMail client will attempt to login automatically when it starts.

Fixes

Registration〞 Fixed a problem where responses to registrations could be deleted under some circumstances
Downloading〞 Fixed a longstanding problem where ChoiceMail could get delayed for hours downloading and processing a bounced message that contained a very large attachment as well as possibly causing the ISP to disconnect
Database〞 Fixed problem where Microsoft JET couldn't handle some fields that didn't have default values.
Optimizations〞 Made some more optimizations to speed up ChoiceMail processing.
Username〞 Prevented spaces in ChoiceMail's username
Files〞 Fixed problem where we weren't always deleting some files.
Preapproval〞 Prevent already whitelisted sender from apparently being pre-approved again
Permission rules- Fixed a problem where an access violation could occur with specially corrupted email messages.
Junkbox〞 Fixed bug where alfter applying a filter to the junkbox, the junk box button would only show the count of messages restricted by the filter
Deleting messages(ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 Fixed the problem where messages from domains on the global list could end up directly in the junk box without the reason field set
Upgrading from ChoiceMail 1.x〞 Fixed issue where duplicate entries in an old style ini senders file would slow down the importer dramatically.
Logging (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business only) 〞 Fixed problem where the logging was not enabled in the service version of CMSB/CME


September 9th, 2004. Version 2.61
September 9th, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.61
Release Notes - these notes describe features that apply to all versions of ChoiceMail except where indicated


New features
Product Tour- Added product tour which can be run from the Help menu - a quick way for new users to become familiar with the features in ChoiceMail.

Updates

Headers- Added header for keeping why message was marked as spam inside the message.
Junkbox- Added the ability to navigate through the list of junk messages by pages like we do on the sender list. This makes access to the junkbox much faster
Filenames- Fixed a problem where we couldn't save a message if it used a forbidden old-style DOS filename such as CON, LPTx and so forth.
Address import- The address wizard now defaults to selecting all addresses for possible inclusion.
CPU 100% usage- Corrected a rare problem where usage could go to 100%

Fixes

Setup wizard〞 Fixed problem with SMTP port not being correct imported into the setup wizard. Also, when using same credentials as pop3 account and there is only 1 pop3 account, you don't have to pick which one.
Challenges〞 Fixed a bug where responses to challenges were being deleted if manual whitelist/blacklist processing was enabled.
Global permissions (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 Fixed problem where in server versions - global sender lists would be overridden and senders would appear as new again
Web browser (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 Fixed a problem where an access violation could be triggered when viewing corrupted messages through the web browser. Notification (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 Fixed problem where notification messages would not be forwarded correctly.
Senders (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 Fixed bug where the wrong sender database record was updated between the local list one and the global list one
Auto preapproval (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) 〞 Fixed incorrect functionality where the local pre-approval options were not taken into account when the "Also approve the sender on user's local whitelist" option is on.
Web viewer (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) - Added ability to delete a message from the web viewer interface.
Automatic checking- Fixed problem where the "Automatic email checking" option when turned off was keeping checking at regular intervals.
Global lists (ChoiceMail Enterprise/ChoiceMail Small Business) - Fixed problem where senders were added on global lists without previously checking if the email address was not protected. Same problem with the address book.



August 15th, 2004. Version 2.600
August 15th, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.6
Release Notes - these notes describe features that apply to all versions of ChoiceMail except where indicated


This version of ChoiceMail corrects a serious side effect introduced in 2.54a where senders were being challenged even if they were already on your whitelist. If you are running an earlier version of ChoiceMail, please download and install the latest version as soon as possible.

Updates
Message viewer - Added ability to delete a message from inside the message viewer.
Junk box- Added ability to filter the junkbox.
Challenge messages (CM Enterprise)〞 Added support for marking CM emails so that our SMTP server is able to distinguish from regular user emails
Performance improvements- Continued work in improving behind-the-scenes performance
Administration (CM Enterprise/Small Business)- Added the ability for CMSB/CME administrators to grant/deny other users the control of their email addresses protected by ChoiceMail
IP blocking (CM Enterprise/Small Business)〞 Added the ability to block a list of IP addresses or IP ranges

Fixes

System tray- The repair of the access violation broke the ability to get the list of virtual email addresses in the system tray (sigh).
Whitelist/blacklist- Fixed a problem where ChoiceMail could continue to send challenges out even if someone was on your whitelist.
Challenge messages〞 Fixed problem where after disabling and then enabling the Challenge process and positively answering on the question to send registrations to existing senders - we send challenges to BCC senders on the list.


August 3rd, 2004. Version 2.54a
August 3rd, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.54a
Release Notes - these notes describe features that apply to all versions of ChoiceMail except where indicated

New features
Logging (CM Enterprise/Small Business)- Initial work to support HTTP server logging

Updates

Permission rules- Added (seqword) function to the special keywords list
Performance improvements- Continued work in improving behind-the-scenes performance
Sender preapproval (CMEnterprise)-Now available
Fault tolerance (CMEnterprise)-Some extra protection against unexpected failures.
Permission rules (except CM Free)- You can now disable automatic whitelist/blacklist and approved/rejected domain checking and manage that process through explicit permission rules.
Virtual email addresses (except CM Free) - You can now select one of your virtual addresses from within ChoiceMail's system tray icon to quickly copy that virtual address to the clipboard
Sending emails (CMEnterprise/CMSB)- Added the ability to disable email sending from ChoiceMail's web interface
Preapprovals (CMEnterprise)- Added option to pre-approve to the user's local whitelist
Customized messages (CMEnterprise)- Added the ability for CME admins to control user customized messages
Main menus- The "View" menu has been reworked to make it clearer.
Domain blocking- Added some more IP ranges in regions that were spam sources

Fixes

Access violation - Fixed a problem where upgrading failed if user did not have any virtual addresses enabled - ChoiceMail One only
Special keywords- The special keyword (seq) was not working properly in some very rare circumstances.
Recent senders only- Fixed a bug where specifying how far back in time to display received messages was broken
Tags- Fixed a bug where an HTML tag that was corrupted in a special way could block an email from being downloaded
Webmail gateway- Fixed a bug where the SMTP and POP ports could sometimes be set to the same value (usually 4) by mistake.
IMAP- Fixed a problem where we weren't properly handling the case where an anti-virus program deleted an infected message
Address importing- Fixed a problem where some incorrectly formatted email addresses in MS Outlook were being imported into ChoiceMail
Setup wizard- Fixed a problem where you could not always unprotect all accounts automatically.
Automatic registration notification (CMSB/CME)- Fixed a problem where registrations sent to an alias were not being retrieved properly
Filenames- Fixed a problem where some bizarre messages from spammers with fake email addresses could not be saved (and thereby prevent CM from continuing)
ISP mailserver issues- Added a modification to let CM better deal with corrupt (non-RFC compliant) email messages that the ISP's mail server should not have allowed in in the first place.



June 8th, 2004. Version 2.52
June 8th, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.52
Release Notes



New features
Virtual email addresses (except CM Free) - Added ability to create and edit virtual email addresses from within the user interface.

Updates
Approve senders from junkbox- You can now approve a sender whose messages are in the junkbox.
Concurrent account access- Added mechanism to handle the case where stupid mail clients try to open multiple connections to a server from the same account.
Message sizes- The size of each message in the unknown sender list is now displayed.
Permission rules- Added a condition rule to detect whether messages are larger than a defined size.
Approve/Reject multiple domains- You can now approve or reject multiple domains by selecting the senders whose domains you wish to approve or reject.
Mailing list servers- Added automatic recognition for Listbox mailing lists
Permission rules (except CM Free)- Permission rules can now be drag/dropped to/from the desktop from/to the permission rules dialog to export/import rules (hold the SHIFT key while dragging to export all rules in one go)
Setup wizard- The main CM dialog is now locked until user connects from email program.

Fixes

Deleting messages in junkbox (CMSB Server only)- We no longer open sequential TCP/IP connections to delete non-contiguous messages from the junkbox. This allows individually selected messages to be deleted much more quickly.
Aliases- Fixed problem where after deleting a user account - alias cache was not refreshed.
Junk box column sizes- You can now make the column sizes really small if you don't need to see particular columns.
Memory leak- Fixed a very obscure memory leak that was slowly wasting filehandle resources
Applying rules- The accepted/rejected domains are now taken into account when you apply the rules manually.
SMTP test- Improved SMTP testing to make sure username/password is provided if SMTP authenication is selected.
IMAP configuration- Fixed a problem where users wishing to use IMAP needed to have a POP3 account as well.
Setup wizard- Fixed an access violation that could occur if no email accounts were found in email application
Web interface (ChoiceMail Enterprise and CMSB only)- Fixed a problem where an occasional access violation could prevent remote logins.
Timeout handling for duplicate email addresses- Added a timeout for handling the case where a second thread tries to lock a mailbox while it's already locked (Sometimes customers either have duplicate email addresses in their email clients or for some other reason are trying to access the POP3 server simultaneously from two different threads or applications)
Permission rules- Fixed problems with OtherHeaders condition. Also now remove trailing colon if someone puts it in by mistake when entering an other header.
Outlook Express identities- Fixed a problem where the setup wizard could not always determine from which identity to retrieve email addresses.
Infinite looping (ChoiceMail Enterprise only)- Fixed potential problem where email could get into an infinite loop if mail server was configured to relay all mail through ChoiceMail, generate non delivery reports and spammer used the from address that matches one of CME domains.



April 27th, 2004. Version 2.5
April 27th, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.5
Release Notes


New features
Detect spam by servers in message- Added the ability to find and resolve to IP addresses all servers referenced in the body of a message. Along with a new transform rule function, this allows messages to be deleted based on IP address ranges.
Permission rules- When a message is matched by a permission rule, that rule can cause an email message to be sent back to the sender.
Drag/drop email addresses- Email addresses can now be dragged from compliant email applications into the approved or rejected sender view
Drag/drop email address files〞 If you have a file containing email addresses, you can drag that file into the approved or rejected sender view to whitelist or blacklist them respectively. Multiple files can be dragged in one operation.
Permission rules- Two new permission functions allow domains and IP addresses to be checked against a sequence of IP address ranges.
Database support- ChoiceMail One now uses a SQL database instead of INI files for most information. The initial main benefit for ChoiceMail One single users will be greatly reduced memory requirements.
System rules (CM Enterprise only)- Added support for global permission rules that can be applied centrally before individual user rules are applied.
Tip of the day- Added automatic tip of the day support

Updates

Servers referenced in message- Added ability to see the list of all servers referenced in a message, complete with their IP addresses
Transform rules- Transform rules now work for headers as well as subject and body. It's also possible to have a single transform rule work for multiple items.
Transform rules- The transform rules are now displayed in tree format rather than as a raw text file.
Downloading emails- Added functionality to prevent ChoiceMail from downloading previously downloaded mails when an external error closes the TCP/IP connection.
Preview from approval dialog- Added the ability to preview messages from the "new sender registration" popup
Email rules dialog- Added the ability to move the rules with the mouse
Junk box- Added a TO field in the junk box
Support for legacy Eudora- Support commands that can be generated by Eudora users who have (or used to have) very old versions of Eudora
Splash screen- The splash screen can now be disabled by modifying the choicemail.ini file (unsupported)
Received Header (CM Enterprise)- CM Enterprise now has the option to insert its own received header into a message.
Permission management- A new action is now available that lets you mark an item as SPAM but leaves it in your unknown senders list and does not send a challenge. This is useful when playing with rules to see which items are affected by a rule. The color of the SPAM icon is different from regular unknown sender icons so as to stand out.
Permission management- The BCC icon is now displayed in a different color to make it stand out better from regular unknown senders.
Permission management- A new tab has been added that allows you to match attachment filenames. Attachment filenames can now be seen in the message previewer.
Permission management- The MoveUp and MoveDown buttons can be held down to make rule positions move quickly.
Permission management- Redesigned the permission rule dialog so that it fits better on smaller resolution screens
Permission management- Negating a rule now requires the initial 'not' to be enclosed in parenthesis.
IMAP- Added ability to disable IMAP proxy.
Activity logs- The maximum size of the activity logs can be changed by modifying a section in the popmanager.ini file (not officially supported)
Blocking mail servers- It is now possible to select text in the headers of a message (in the message previewer window) and create (or modify) a permission rule that will block all future messages coming from that mail server.
Permission rules- Permission rules created by users are displayed in blue while DigiPortal Software provided rules are displayed in black. Future versions of ChoiceMail One may change the behavior of (or silently remove) any permission rule that was provided by DigiPortal Software - therefore, changing permission rules provided by DigiPortal is not a good idea. Instead, disable them if you don't want them and create your own modified rules.

Fixes

Corrupted decode- Addressed an issue where a binary attachment was deliberately corrupted to cause normal decoding to fail and this caused permission management to fail with a range-check error.
Setup wizard- We had a problem where an old server configuration file where SMTP settings were already in there, but none of the other settings were defined. This was causing List Out Of Bounds errors.
Eudora- Fixed a problem where importing multiple personalities could cause an access violation.
Passwords- Fixed problem where user password could be corrupt due to some unpredictable file copy operations.
Login- Fixed problem where real mailbox and virtual mailboxes could be logged in at the same time.
Registration- Fixed a problem where pasting in a received usercode and registration key did not enable the OK button. The person responsible for this bug has been slain
Permission rules- A couple of regular expressions had erroneous OR characters in them.
Housekeeping- Email cleaner now runs every hour instead of every minute - also removes old registration files properly
Locking- Fixed incorrect functionality : CM shouldn't start up minimized if it's locked
IMAP- Re-introduced ChoiceMail IMAP initialization when an IMAP source gets tested



January 20th, 2004. Version 2.1
January 20th, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.1
Release Notes
Updates
Eudora - The setup wizard now indicates that Eudora 6.0 is supported 每 no actual code changes as 6.0 always in fact worked.
Junk Box - We now display the TO field in the junk box window.
Administration management (CM Enterprise/Web only) - Added more statistics data
Message forwarding (CM Enterprise/Web only) - Improved message forwarding to corporate mail server.



January 9th, 2004. Version 2.000f
January 9th, 2004
ChoiceMail 2.000f
Release Notes

Updates
Permission rules - Added two new actions. (1) Change the status of a message to BCC (which essentially stops CM sending a challenge out) and (2) Delete a message permanently, bypassing the junkbox.
Administration management (CM Enterprise/Web only) - Added support for ChoiceMail Web administrators
Webmail gateway - New update addresses a number of login problems. Installation of the webmail gateway is now optional and controlled from the main installer.
Transform Rules - If you modify the transform rules, it is no longer necessary to restart ChoiceMail before you can access the updated rules.

Fixes
Freeze problem - We finally tracked down a bizarre problem where CM could freeze on Windows 9x/ME systems after running for a long time. The default log size has been reduced to 30 lines.
Long delay - Fixed a problem where ChoiceMail could be held up for a long time by an incoming attachment that contains no regular text.
Junk box - We no longer populate the junkbox when CM starts 每 this prevents CM from hogging CPU cycles for long periods of time at start up.
SMTP manager - Fixed another problem where a bogus email address could hold up the queue of outgoing challenges.
Long download delay - Fixed a problem where a received attachment with no body text could take a long time to be processed



December 4th, 2003. Version 2.000d
December 4th, 2003
ChoiceMail 2.000d
Release Notes

Updates
Forwarding thread options (CM Enterprise only) 〞 Added option to allow control over how many threads are used to manage forwarding.

Forced password changing (CM Enterprise/Web only) 〞 Added option to allow administrator to force people accessing ChoiceMail interface through a web browser for the first time to have to change their password.

Transform Rules (CM Enterprise/Web only) 〞 Transform rules are now available through the web browser interface.

Domain sorting 〞 Added ability to retrieve domains sorted alphabetically.

Permission rules 〞 Added more rules that detect and delete spam.

Fixes

Bogus FROM addresses 〞 Fixed a problem where a ridiculously long FROM address could generate an access violation.

Rules import 〞 Fixed a problem where you would get an error if you tried to import rules when you didn＊t already have some other rules installed.

AV with uninstalled Outlook 〞 Fixed a problem where ChoiceMail could crash at startup if it incorrectly detected that MS Outlook was still installed.

Duplicate domains (CM Enterprise/Web only) 〞 Fixed a problem where duplicate domains could be entered through web browser interface.

Unnecessary args in registration messages (CM Enterprise/Web only) 〞 Fixed a problem where we were arbitrarily adding session IDs to all URLs rather than to just those needed.

Default rules 〞 Fixed problem where html tags inside our xml tags were not properly encoded. Was creating an invalid xml document.

Control Panel service (CM Enterprise) 〞 Registry keys are now stored in HKLM

Account validation 〞 Removing an unwanted account now moves to the next account rather than the previously validated account.

Account validation 〞 Changed the word ＆verified＊ to ＆validated＊

Audio message 〞 Fixed a problem that was causing the default audio message to not be found.



November 19, 2003. Version 2.000c
November 19th, 2003
ChoiceMail 2.000c
Release Notes


New Features

Registration messages  - The registration message customization has been completely redesigned so that you can completely tailor your outgoing registration message. You can also save multiple registration messages so as to change them.

Automatic approval  - You can now tell ChoiceMail to automatically approve anyone who fills in the registration form.

Updates


Tray icon  - Added menu option to system tray icon to allow you to preview approved mail without having to open the ChoiceMail main window.

Fixes


Outlook 2003 losing mail   - Modified some internal processing to address a change in Outlook 2003 where Outlook 2003 would sometimes delete mail without downloading it first.

Eudora 每 invalid pointer   - A problem where an unusually large Eudora.ini could cause ChoiceMail to fail to configure settings properly has been fixed.

Disabled window   - Fixed a problem where trying to configure the SMTP server could cause the error message ※Cannot focus an invisible window§

Byte stuffing   - Fixed a bug where incorrect byte stuffing could cause periods to get lost in the registration URL.

100% CPU utilization   - Fixed HTML rule that was causing 100% CPU usage. Note 每 this only applies to new installs. Existing users should visit http://www.digiportal.com/support/choicemail/technotes/notes/cpu100p.htm to see how to repair an existing installation.

Byte stuffing   - Fixed a bug where incorrect byte stuffing could cause periods to get lost in the registration URL.

Connections   - Improved handling for unstable connections.

Infinite password prompting   - Fixed a problem where Outlook would keep asking for your password even though you entered it correctly. This could happen if an AntiVirus program locked a file before Outlook finished logging in.


September 9th, 2003. Version 2.000
September 9th, 2003
ChoiceMail 2.000
Release Notes


New Features

Multiple identities  - ChoiceMail now lets your multiple email accounts retrieve only those messages intended for those accounts rather than merging all incoming email into a single account. We have support for retrieving mail for a single email account only. Users can login to CM POP3 server using the format "cm/emailaddress" along with the email address password to get the mail for that email address only.

Incoming message limits  - Added ability to limit time spent downloading emails from each account. Useful for slow internet users with tons of messages.

Lock UI  - The user interface can now be locked so that it can't be seen without entering a password.

Approved mail  - You can now preview approved mail through the ChoiceMail GUI

Permission rules  - Added not operator and a (me) special keyword referring to your sources and aliases.

Permission rules  - You can now reference individual Received headers with an index. This lets you easily check the server from which an email really came. Permission rules now support regular expressions - although not intended for users to edit directly (they can), it will allow more sophisticated rules to be downloaded and installed to block known spam. Transform rules are also implemented to preprocess messages to make it easier to detect spam.

Challenges  - You can now optionally use an alternate (optionally fake) FROM address for challenges. This can be used to (a) prevent your real email address from being validated as live by spammers (b) eliminate bounce-back messages completely and (c) prevent a potential spam trick where a spammer could recognize that a challenge was coming and simply respond with a NEW spam using a NEW fake FROM address, thereby attempting to fill up your POP3 inbox.

IMAP  - ChoiceMail now has experimental support for IMAP - no wizards are available though.

Updates

Installer  - We now delete all old ChoiceMail shortcuts that were on the desktop. We also add desktop shortcuts for userguide and keyinfo

Safe Previewer  - We now include the ability to see the raw message.

Setup wizard  - Aliases and mailing lists can now be configured directly from the setup wizard

Authentication  - Updated to support usage of POP3 account credentials with SMTP server. Solves problem with Verizon SMTP servers where one must authenticate with the same username/password as the sending email address.

Permissions  - Added special keywords that can be used to detect whether the email address in the body of your message is (or is not) in your whitelist (see documentation for more information on how to use this feature)

Permission rule testing  - Testing starts after a delay of 1 second of no typing rather than testing every time you type a character.

Permission rules  - A new name is used each time you create a new rule

Permission rules  - New permission rules can be merged into existing permission rules. DigiPortal Software may make new permission rules available from time to time for this purpose.

Enhanced security  - The registration process has been tightened up to remove some theoretically possible breaches.

Fixes


Shutdown  - Fixed problem where ChoiceMail One sometimes prevented MS Windows from shutting down.

Permission rule testing  - The test for self-referenced FROM addresses is now done even if your own domain is in the accept list.

Registration alert popup  - Fixed a problem where the alert popup window was disappearing immediately on some systems.

Username change  - Fixed a problem where changing the username in ChoiceMail One caused lots of grief!

Empty messages  - Corrected a problem where ChoiceMail One could get stuck if the file has a length of 0.

Junkbox  - Added filterReason for mail system messages being deleted.  Without this line, there is no deleted reason when looking at messages in the Junk Box.

Reject with reason  - Fixed a bug where it sometimes wasn't possible to use spaces in the reason.

Domains  - Provide better message if user tries to add a domain that is already on the list.

Hints  - Changed hint for Show Recent Unknown Senders and made the caption reflect when the option was turned on or off.

Norton AV  - Fixed potential problem with older Norton AV usernames that might contain slashes in usernames.

General AV  support - Added handling for special AV case where user might be getting I/O errors instead of our "nice" AV message.

Installer  - Installer now refuses to run if an email application is open. This fixes a problem where the Outlook plugin for ChoiceMail/Exchange was not being installed if Outlook was already running.

Dialogs  - Where possible, increased spacing between controls so that there's less likelihood of characters being cutoff if you are using large fonts.

Setup wizard  - Eudora users can now specify the needed files directly rather than having to do a complete disk search. (Note: this was implemented in 1.505 but somehow it disappeared in subsequent releases!)

Empty FROM  - Fixed a problem where emails were being deleted automatically when it seemed like there was nothing in the FROM header (even though there was).

Empty FROM  - Fixed a bug where an empty FROM header was causing a crash when assertions were enabled

Startup performance  - Initial startup is now faster.

Rejection of system messages  - Was missing filter reason for unverified system messages.

Tab order  - The items in the general preferences now get selected sequentially as you press the TAB key.

List index out of bounds  - Fixed a problem where this error message could appear if you reject a sender with explanation.

Anti-virus collisions  - Added handling for stream errors in case anti-virus removes the temporary files while we are trying to  process them

Junk box  - Fixed a bug where junk box didn't know that messages had been deleted until you quit and restart ChoiceMail.

Integer overflow  - Fixed a problem where ChoiceMail would not allow mail to be retrieved by client if the total size of the mail was greater than 2Gb

Installer  - Installer will now only install into the DigiPortal Software Applications group.

Setup wizard  - Checks that email application is not running more often rather than just once.

Setup wizard  - Changed DELETE button to EXCLUDE in the POP3 source account selection dialog

Hints  - Some buttons in the SMTP settings dialog had incorrect hints.

Email accounts  - Changed "Source enabled" to "Account enabled" label

Permission rules  - Fixed a problem where we were not checking multiple repeated headers (typically , the RECEIVED header) in a message.

Permission rules  - Fixed a problem where multiple messages belong to a single sender were getting deleted incorrectly.

Outlook 2002  - Another attempt to address issues with multiple SRS files

Configuration  - Warn people if they try to change the "logging into ChoiceMail" userid as it's a BAD idea to do this.

Configuration  - Account testing now being done on server side on multi user version

Away/registration messages  - Fixed problem with Getting Default Messages in SingleUser mode that was preventing users from resetting to the default message

Client/Server  - Optimized some communication transfer

Client/Server  - Transferred listing of messages and deleting of messages to server side.  Accounts need to be contacted from the server end and not directly by the client.

Installer  - Fixed a problem where %APPTITLE% was being displayed rather than the program name when uninstalling ChoiceMail One.

Installer  - Fixed a (harmless but annoying) problem where a double-slash was being used in pathnames.

SMTP errors  - Added functionality that allows us to detect unusual SMTP sender errors and force CM to delete a message from sending queue.



April 8th, 2003. Version 1.600
April 8th, 2003
ChoiceMail 1.600
Release Notes


Update
Auto-responder 〞 You can now store different messages and select which one you wish to use at any time.
Automatic deletion 〞 You can now control whether ChoiceMail automatically should delete a sender when it fails to send a registration request.
POP3 lists 〞 You can now access the list of messages waiting on the server and optionally deleting individual messages. This lets you quickly delete a spam message if ChoiceMail was unable to download it.
Exchange support 〞 Numerous modifications to support Outlook clients using MS Exchange.
Activity logs 〞 Now remembers 1024 lines of data rather than 256.


Fixes

Sender Filter 〞 The state of sender filter (for looking up senders) is no longer remembered when you restart ChoiceMail. This was changed for usability reasons based on customer feedback.
Non US yahoo accounts 〞 Fixed a problem where the webmail wizard would not allow yahoo accounts to be created if they did not end with the .com postfix.
Multiple monitors 〞 Fixed a bug where ChoiceMail crashed if the window size was made to large, as can happen when using multiple monitors.
HTTP accounts 〞 We now recognize and handle HTTP accounts that were already created in Outlook Express.
Webmail 〞 Includes updated DLL to support change in login process for AOL as well as some other speed improvements. Also fixed a problem (again) to manage AOL addresses that did not include domains.
AV on exit 〞 Fixed problem where sometimes there will be an AV accessing recycle bin form while quitting the application. This MAY also be responsible for a problem where ChoiceMail would sometimes prevent Windows from shutting down.
Account detection on Outlook XP 〞 Now properly recognize accounts that have hex characters in them
Junk box dates 〞 Received dates of junk box messages was being retrieved incorrectly.
Junk box files 〞 Fixed problem where some messages could not be moved into the junk box if the filenames were the same.



February 8th, 2003. Version 1.505
February 8th, 2003
ChoiceMail 1.505
Release Notes


Fixes
Sender list refresh 〞 Fixed another problem where an invalid date could cause a message to NOT be deleted from the POP3 server, causing the message to be retrieved multiple times.
Number of accounts 〞 Fixed a problem where ChoiceMail One would not allow you to have more than about 30 POP3 accounts configured.

Update

Eudora 〞 Added ability to allow location of required files to be specified manually rather than only through the automatic search process.




January 26th, 2003. Version 1.504
January 26th, 2003
ChoiceMail 1.504
Release Notes

Fixes
Sender list refresh 〞 Fixed a problem where the sender list would refresh constantly if certain kinds of vira were downloaded. This fix may also address some other obscure access violations that were been seen infrequently.


January 24th, 2003. Version 1.503
January 24th, 2003
ChoiceMail 1.503
Release Notes
Fixes
Anti-virus interaction 〞 Fixed problem where an AV program could delete a newly downloaded but infected email file before ChoiceMail recognized that the download was complete. This would result in ChoiceMail repeatedly trying to download the message over and over again, never deleting the message from POP server.
Disappearing lists 〞 A recent change appears to have had an odd side-effect of making the sender lists be not displayed on startup. Although we＊re still not totally sure why this happened, we have made a change that appears to handle this issue.


January 14th, 2003. Version 1.502
January 14th, 2003
ChoiceMail 1.502
Release Notes
Updates
System mail blocking 〞 Modified the monitoring of returned system mail messages to do a better job of blocking fake messages disguised as bounced mail.

Fixes
Webmail Setup Wizard 〞 The webmail setup wizard was not working in the trial version.
Message headers 〞 Fixed a problem with headers that contained a ＆:＊ in them.




January 6th, 2003. Version 1.500
January 6th, 2003
ChoiceMail 1.500
Release Notes


New features
Web-mail support 〞 ChoiceMail now supports four major web-based email systems including HotMail, AOL, MSN and Yahoo using an optional plugin. The plugin is included with new purchases of ChoiceMail and previous ChoiceMail users will be able to buy the plugin separately.
Junk box 〞 ChoiceMail now moves email it rejects into a junk box where you can review it if you wish.
Away auto-responder 〞 ChoiceMail can now optionally send messages back to people who are on your white list.
Spam-O-Meter(tm) 〞 Lets you see some statistics about your incoming mail

Updates

Message previewer 〞 You can now copy selected text from the message previewer
Activity logs 〞 The contents of the logs can be more easily copied to the clipboard.
Double-clicking on sender 〞 Double-clicking on a sender now simply expands the tree to show the messages belonging to the sender. The previous function, opening your email application to send a message to the sender, has been removed.
Empty domains 〞 It is now possible to create a rule to allow messages with no domain to be rejected automatically.
Restricting to ※today§ 〞 When restricting the new senders list to just today＊s entries, you can now control how long ※today§ should be, rather than just the calendar day. This fixes a problem where unknown senders appeared to disappear at midnight if the ※today§ filter was enabled.
Copy text in previewer 〞 You can now select text from the message previewer and copy it to the clipboard
Wild cards in domains 〞 Accepted/Rejected domains now accepted ? and * as valid domain name
characters.
Registration URL 〞 We now generate a coaching hint when you toggle the inclusion of the registration link in your message back to new senders.
Sender actions from messages 〞 User can now perform sender actions when messages are selected in the view. This allows a message to be selected and that sender to be approved/rejected/deleted.
Attachments 〞 A different icon is used to display unknown messages that contain attachments
Purging message queue 〞 It is now possible to get ChoiceMail to remove all pending messages that it＊s preparing to send out.
Empty domains 〞 Now allows special domain like '(none)' to be placed on accepted/rejected list and transformed into real domain.
Permission rules 〞 The body tab can now access HTML messages
Sender view 〞 The sender view tree is now expanded by default so you see the message subjects for each sender.
Balloon hints 〞 They are now a pretty blue color and can be turned off!
Activity logs 〞 Changed logs to show your email address rather than username + host. This is more informative, particularly for web accounts.

Fixes

Message previewer failure - Fixed a problem where messages could sometimes not be previewed due to some invalid data in the message.
Forgetting port assignments - Fixed bug where SMTP servers with non standard port would "loose" the port information while switching from one server to another.
Message deletion - Fixed the problem where not all the locked messages were deleted when a sender is rejected.
Stuck email sending - Fixed problem where error code 550 5.1.1 received from smtp sender would make the smtp queue get stuck.
Unnecessary registration requests 〞 Fixed the problem where a registration request entry was re-queued even though the sender status had changed meanwhile.
Rule testing and domains 〞 The rule testing system now takes into account accepted and rejected domains.
Unnecessary registration requests 〞 Fixed the problem where the allow/block all messages from sender's domain was still enabled even though several senders were selected.
Importing multiple email addresses from Outlook 〞 Fixed the problem where multiple email addresses for a single contact were not being imported.
Prevent modal dialog from being hidden 〞 Fixed problem where tray icon would still be accessible even if we were showing a modal dialog. This could disable CM is some cases since it was popping up disable main window in front and allow operation at the time that these operations should not be accessible.
Message retrieval failure 〞 Fixed problem where the message retrieval would fail if the smtp queue file was read only.
Message subjects too large 〞 Fixed problem where extremely large message subject could break the sending of a registration message.
CPU 100% utilization 〞 Fixed the code in another place where this could happen


October 22nd, 2002. Version 1.410
October 22nd, 2002
ChoiceMail 1.41
Release Notes


New features
SMTP Ports 〞 You can now change the ports associated with outgoing SMTP servers.

Updates

Resources and RAM 〞 Optimized synchronization process reduces resources and memory requirements
System tray notification 〞 The tray icon now flashes yellow whenever new mail arrives from unknown senders. It is reset as soon as you open the ChoiceMail mail window.
Registration link 〞 Users who do not want or need to use our registration process can modify the registration message so that the registration link is not included. Such users will need to include some other mechanism of their own to tell people how to contact them for approval.

Fixes

Very long message ID - Fixed a problem where a message ID header greater than 1000 characters could crash ChoiceMail.
Green light flashing but no email - Fixed a problem ChoiceMail indicated that email was available but it couldn＊t be accessed.
Activity log - Fixed the problem where the Outgoing Emails log would report as going to the first of the distinct addresses when sending emails simultaneously.



October 1st, 2002. Version 1.400
October 1st, 2002
ChoiceMail 1.4
Release Notes
New Features
MSN 〞 ChoiceMail now supports MSN
Secure Password Authentication (SPA) 〞 ChoiceMail now supports standard authentication and secure password authentication for both SMTP and POP.
SSL 〞 ChoiceMail now supports SSL for SMTP and POP servers
Outlook 98,2000,XP 〞 ChoiceMail can now configure the three main flavors of Outlook automatically.
Multiple SMTP server support 〞 You can now have multiple SMTP servers and switch from one to another from the ChoiceMail system tray icon. This facilitates mobile users who connect to the internet in different ways.
Safe message viewing 〞 You can now safely preview messages within ChoiceMail without sending any information back to a spammer or website.
Open email application automatically 〞 You can now configure ChoiceMail so that it opens your default email application automatically after a specified number of messages have been approved by ChoiceMail.
Disabling registration requests 〞 You can temporarily disable registration requests so that you can manually review incoming messages before ChoiceMail sends a request out to unknown senders.

Updates
Change default email application 〞 You can specify a different email application to be used by ChoiceMail.
Icon for queued registration 〞 Added support for displaying unknown senders with a special icon when a registration was queued but not yet sent.
Unverified messages from your own email address 〞 You can now configure ChoiceMail so that it allows messages that appear to come from yourself but cannot be verified as really your own. Not recommended for normal usage
Permission rules 〞 Permission rules are now checked before the test for self-messages so that you can allow messages from yourself to come through only if some other information is present in the message (e.g. add ＆xyz＊ to the subject field).
Configuration wizard 〞 The configuration wizard now runs automatically for first time users. You are not asked if you wish to run the wizard.
Configuration wizard 〞 Configuration wizard now checks to make sure that the email application is not running before ChoiceMail tries to configure it.
Edit sender info 〞 Added ability to modify the sender info (Reason and name)
POP port 〞 ChoiceMail POP3 accounts can now use non-standard ports.
Names of senders 〞 The name of registered senders is now set using the name part of the FROM header on first message receiving
Trial version 〞 The ※trial expired§ panel now tells you not to uninstall if you are planning to purchase the retail version.
Splash screen 〞You can now press any key to close it.
SMTP sender 〞 User can specify a separate SMTP sender email address to deal with some SMTP relaying problems.
Server timeouts 〞 You can control how long ChoiceMail will wait to connect to servers. The default is 5 minutes.
Activity logging 〞 Added server disconnection notification in the pop grabber log.
Mail message handling 〞 Added support to make sure a message file is not marked "read only" prior to deleting it.
Self-message checking 〞 Re-introduced Reply-To header checking in IsMessageFromMyself function
Registration messages and HTML 〞Added support for multipart registration message. Email clients that support HTML preview will see the HTML version of the email with registration link hidden. Others will see the old plain text message. This also fixes the problem with Outlook breaking the link.


Fixes
Window state - ChoiceMail now remembers whether it was open or minimized.
Timeout problem with Outlook XP - Fixed a problem where Outlook XP would timeout from time to time when communicating with ChoiceMail.
Invalid message ID 〞 Fixed problem where message Id with invalid characters would break message saving procedure.
Mail not being sent or retrieved 〞 Fixed the problem where ChoiceMail would sometimes stop receiving mail and/or stop sending out registration requests.
Messages to yourself 〞 Fixed the problem where sending a message to yourself was pre-approving you
Recognizing accounts - Fixed a problem where some emails were not recognized as really intended for the user.
Silent failure in approve/reject 〞 Fixed the problem where clicking on approve/reject another sender when the sender already exists would fail silently
Reject with message 〞 Fixed a bug where the dialog was popping up BEHIND the approval dialog so you couldn＊t get at it to enter your rejection message.
Sender deletion failure 〞 Fixed the problem where modifying the sender info would cause a sender deletion to fail.
Deletion after relay failure 〞 Fixed the problem where a "relay" problem on the SMTP server was causing the sender to be deleted.
Importing addresses 〞 Fixed the problem where blank email addresses could crash the import process
Multiple messages with same subject 〞 Fixed problem where 3 messages from an unknown sender with the same subject would appear as one message in the client's view



