Desktop 0.0.0
October 15, 2014 – Treat your Mac to Dashlane for Yosemite!
New: A brand new design, perfectly adapted and optimized for Yosemite
Improved: Performance enhancements and smoother scrolling


August 27, 2014 – version 3.0.6 (PC only)
Improved: Stability improvements


August 20, 2014 – version 3.0.5 (PC only)
New: Support for Firefox 32 and 33
Improved: Bug fixing and stability improvements
July 28th, 2014 – Mac App Store version 3
Introducing Dashlane 3 - An All-New, Team-Friendly Dashlane!
New: A New Sharing Center in the main menu. Easily and securely share passwords and notes with other users. Manage shared items and access levels. Updates to shared items sync automatically between users.
New: Add Emergency Contacts - Make sure essential passwords can be temporarily accessed by co-workers or loved ones in case of emergency.
New: A complete redesign and enhanced UI.
New: Added a "View Password History" setting, so you can keep track of old passwords. Available under Tools > Password History.
New: Added a setting to refresh the icons in your Password list. Available under Tools > Refresh Website Icons
New: Revamped search results
Improved: Major enhancements to speed and performance


July 16th, 2014 – Mac, PC version 3.0
Introducing <<Some Version>> - An All-New, Team-Friendly Dashlane!
New: A New Sharing Center in the main menu. Easily and securely share passwords and notes with other users. Manage shared items and access levels. Updates to shared items sync automatically between users.
New: Add Emergency Contacts - Make sure essential passwords can be temporarily accessed by co-workers or loved ones in case of emergency.
New: A complete redesign and enhanced UI.
New: Added a "View Password History" setting, so you can keep track of old passwords. Available under Tools > Password History.
New: Added a setting to refresh the icons in your Password list. Available under Tools > Refresh Website Icons
New: Added a button to select all items in a category in a click (PC only)
New: Quick-action buttons are displayed when you mouse over credentials in the app (PC only)
New: A better visual experience for high DPI screens on Windows (PC only)
New: Revamped search results (Mac only)
Improved: Major enhancements to speed and performance


May 30th, 2014 – Mac & PC 2.4.1
New: Firefox 30 and 31 compatibility
Improved: Stability improvements on Windows
Improved: Bug fixes for the Chrome extension


February 20th, 2014 – Mac & PC 2.4
Improved: Fix for Chrome browser extension
Improved: Fix for IE11 browser extension


December 18th, 2013 – Mac and PC 2.3.2
New: Firefox 28 support
Improved: Stability of Mac plugins
Improved: Bug fixes for IE11


Desktop 0.0.0
December 9th, 2013 – Mac and PC 
New: Support for IE 11 (64-bit) and Windows 8.1

November 25th, 2013 – Mac and PC - version 2.3.0
New: Dashlane is now available in Spanish


November 8th, 2013 – Mac and PC 2.2.5
New: Dashlane icon
New: Setting that allows you to turn off receipt capture
New: Setting that allows you to require your master password before auto-filling a specific login
New: Ability to make in-app purchases on Mac, including support for PayPal


October 18th, 2013 – Mac & PC 2.2.1
New: Support for Firefox 25 and 26
New: 27 new currencies to save receipts in
Improved: Bug fixes
Improved: Bug fixing for AOL toolbar compatibility on Firefox
Improved: Bug fixing for Google Calendar compatibility

Desktop 0.0.0
September 30th, 2013 – Mac and PC
New: PayPal support
Improved: Fix bugs with data import from 1Password and LastPass (Dashlane can now read emails, names, addresses, phones, credit cards, IDs, etc.)
Improved: Bug fixing and stability improvements


May 29, 2013 – Dashlane v2.0
PC
Improved: Enhanced capturing of purchases, with itemized receipts and screenshots
Improved: Import from CSV and other password managers
Improved: Bug fixing to improve stability and performance
Mac
New: A slick new interface that’s easy on the eyes
New: Support for retina display
New: Ability to add an additional layer of 2-factor authentication to your login using Google Authenticator
New: Brand new security dashboard with quick tips to improve your security score
New: Our new web-based onboarding and “Getting Started” experience makes it quick & easy for new users to get up and running
Improved: Enhanced capturing of purchases, with itemized receipts and screenshots
Improved: No-click autologin on sites with 2-steps or 3-fields, such as banks
Note: This is the first major update that silently updates in the background – enjoy!

March 26, 2013 – Desktop 1.7.8
New: Autofill preferences allow you to turn autofill on/off for certain websites and domains
New: Silent update installer: After today, Dashlane will silently update upon restart. in the background and notify you when the update is complete
New: Compatibility with Firefox 20
Improved: Incredible improvements to speed and memory usage
Improved: Smoother data import, including CSVs and credential notes
Improved: Autofill and autologin improvements on sites with 2 and 3-step verification

January 31st, 2013 - Desktop v1.7.5
Introducing our brand new browser extension, complete with a customized password generator! 
(Currently available on Chrome, Firefox and Safari)
New: Find and launch your logins, customize your randomly generated passwords, auto-fill them in a single click, and easily access Dashlane tips & tricks from our new browser extension.
New: Add length, special characters, and even make your randomly generated passwords pronounceable
New: Use the browser extension’s strength indicator to make sure your passwords are lock-tight.
New: Compatibility with Chrome 25, with a tutorial on how to enable your browser extension.
New: Sign up to join our beta program from within the desktop app.
Improved: Dashlane notifications and webcards have a new and improved look.


December 19th, 2012 - v1.6.5
<<Some Version>> updates the app to:
New: Auto-capture of data while browsing assists with profile completion
Improved: Additional filter settings in the security dashboard make it easier to find weak passwords
Improved: Bug fixes enhance auto-capture of generated passwords
Improved: Mac & PC UI, plus UI compatibility for Windows 8

October 11th, 2012 - v1.6
Use Dashlane Courier to share logins/passwords and secure notes, manually add purchases to your Dashlane account, and get notices when ID's and credit cards are about to (or already have) expired.
New: Dashlane Courier launches: easy sharing of web account logins/passwords and secure notes with both users and non-users. All encrypted data self-destructs within 30 minutes of being accessed!
New: The ability to manually add purchases to your Dashlane account
New: Visual expiration notices will notify you when your IDs and credit cards are about to (or already have) expired
New: Share security breach alerts with friends and family
Improved: Application speed launch for PC
Improved: Receipt-capture for PC and Mac