Coda Release Notes
Coda 2.5.1
Released on October 24th 2014

Shortened the auto-complete pop-up delay
Improved indexer performance on 10.7 and 10.8
Fixed an issue with the publishing list clearing unexpectedly
Improved unicode support in terminal
Included new Panic Palette color theme
Fixed a bug a bug that could cause SCM credentials to be forgotten
Fixed handling of .ts files
Fixed many, many other bugs




Coda 2.5
Released on October 15th 2014

Major New Features
Site-Wide Autocomplete. Coda will now index your Local Root and autocomplete your own functions, classes, and variables.
Plug-in Manager. Enable, disable, and update your plug-ins via Preferences.
Panic Sync. Securely sync your sites, keys, passwords, and more, with other copies of Coda 2.5, Diet Coda 1.6, and Transmit iOS.
Indentation Guidelines.
CSS Overrides. Open a site in Preview, and override the CSS with your own creation. Super-useful.
Fresh UI Update. Yosemite-ready, cleaner, lighter, with new color-coded visual tabs.
Sidebar Plug-ins. Plug-ins can now extend Coda’s sidebar, adding limitless new tools with rich user interfaces. Plug-ins can be Cocoa or, now, can be written in HTML/CSS/Javascript!
Validator Plug-ins. Plug-ins can now extend Coda's validator system, add validators for any language you like.
Save and Publish. A single keystroke can now do both.
Customizable Column Guide.
Track External Changes. Publish changed files even when edited outside of Coda, useful for things like SASS.
Autocomplete.
Wordpress and jQuery completions built-in
Can now autocomplete Clips
3rd parties can now easily extend autocompletion dictionaries
Open Quickly.
Search for your functions and variables from the Quick Open window
Improved partial matching support
French and German Localizations.
Improved Performance.
Syntax highlighting is anywhere from 400% to 1000% faster
Symbol parsing is over 100% faster
Improved performance throughout
Hundreds of Fixes and Improvements
The plug-in API as been expanded to include new callbacks and functions
Added Paste and Indent for smarter indentation on paste
Themes now support text selection and folding bar colors
Can now disable Coda Pops in the Preferences
For Modes that support it, Coda can now do single line commenting style by selecting Option-Command-/
It’s now possible to specify files to exclude/ignore from Publishing
It's now possible to turn off Publishing for sites that don't use it
HSLA support added to the Color pop
Colors chosen in the system color picker will now be inserted into the editor
Improved CFML / ColdFusion support
Improved inline CSS support
New sidebar “Edit” mode to make it easier to customize the sidebar
Syntax Themes have more options including the ability to change the code folding gutter color
Numerous syntax/mode improvements
CSS/LESS/SASS: Added @rules highlighting and animatable properties to the attributes list.
SASS: Now show placeholder selectors in the sidebar, and highlight @content and !optional keywords.
CFML: improved tag highlighting inside of HTML tags and code highlighting inside output variables
LESS: global mix-ins now highlight properly and the code navigator supports @imports
JS: Method names with curly braces now parsed correctly
PHP: Added ‘trait’ as a keyword
Objective-J, Perl, Python: improved keyword and function highlighting
Improved autocomplete and symbol navigation across the included modes
SCM Improvements
GIT, fixes for branches with “/“ in the name
Improved memory usage with very large SVN repositories
Source Control and Publishing sidebar now show file hierarchies
Option-clicking a disclosure arrow in Find in Files will now expand or collapse all items
Added support for “Live AirPreview” with Diet Coda 1.5
Clip placeholders will now always be tabbable, even if you type something else
User Agent strings have been updated
It’s now possible to provide a custom User Agent
Go To Line now remembers your previously entered line
Preview no longer processes CSS overrides on every keystroke
Live editing CSS is now more reliable (EG: using complex media rules)
Previewing CSS files will now show their corresponding index page
Terminal now responds to the Text > Encoding menu selection, and properly encodes non-ASCII characters
Preview now shows window dimensions to assist with responsive design
Go To Line will now accept key presses even while the window is popping open
Page Guide added to the Preferences, to draw a guideline at a user-defined column
File rules now support Path
Skip Files rules now apply to Publishing as well
Folders can now be Published
Find In Files text fields can now be resized
Escape Key will now close a Coda Pop
Can now remove color stops in the Gradient Pop
Server credentials are now tested and validated automatically when creating a Site
Remote document sharing now works more reliably
Improved hidden character appearance
Improved automatic code formatting
Improved block edit while using tabs and spaces
Improved support for bidirectional text
Find now shows a document looped indicator
Can now set the encoding on the Terminal
Improved printing options
Can now mark folders for publishing
Can now reverse publish folders
SFTP now supports compression
Improved terminal emulation
Included new Panic Palette color theme
Fixed many bugs
